hi my name is Chris Gatto and I am the
executive chef of uno Chicago Grill and
we are here at the Uno's Test Kitchen
and today we're gonna make our
world-famous deep-dish pizza something
we invented in 1943 so the first thing
we're gonna do today is make our dough
what we're gonna do is start with a
package of active dry yeast we're gonna
place that into a bowl we're gonna add
some sugar and a little bit of warm
water and we're gonna dissolve all that
together we need to make sure that our
water is between 105 and 110 degrees
cause if not it'll kill the yeast once
we've got that dissolved we're then
gonna take some corn oil we're gonna add
that we're gonna blend that real quickly
and then we're gonna ask our flour and
our salt
once we've got the flour in the salt in
the bowl we're then going to mix this
all together until it forms a nice dough
and I'll come together real easy as you
can see
so our doors come together nicely but if
you happen to notice that you do is a
little wet you can add a little more
flour or if it's a little dry you can
add a little bit more water okay once
that does come together we're then gonna
need it now if you're using a mixer you
would mix it for approximately four
minutes on medium speed until the dough
is smooth and pliable if you're using
your hand you want to knead it for
approximately seven to eight minutes
again until the dough is smooth and
pliable so we're almost done kneading
our dough but as you can see the proper
technique is to use the prime of your
hand kind of push it out fold it over
and then roll and what we're really
doing is developing the gluten here in
the dough which in layman's terms just
makes the dough strong once we're done
with that we then are gonna put it in a
bowl now we're gonna put a little bit of
olive oil in so we've got our bowl we
put some olive oil in and we want to
coat the dough with the olive oil the
reason for this is so that the dough
does not stick to the ball so once we've
got our dough in it's coated with olive
oil we then want to cover it with either
a kitchen towel or a piece of plastic
wrap if we're going to let the dough sit
at room temperature it will take
approximately two hours for this dough
to proof and be ready to use however you
could also put it in the refrigerator
overnight and use it the next day if you
do that take it out one hour before
you're ready to use it
so the next step for our deep-dish pizza
is we want to make our sauce and what we
do is we take some ground Tomatoes
we place them into a mixing bowl then
we're going to add a little bit of dried
oregano and some dry basil and some
grated Romano cheese and we're just
going to mix these all together to
incorporate them and then we're going to
set this aside
so now we're ready to make our deep-dish
pizza our dough has been proofing for
two hours and it's approximately doubled
in size and what you need is a deep dish
pan well you could use a cake pan this
is 12 inches and it's about
approximately at one and a half inches
in height so we want to take our dough
out of the bowl and we're just going to
place it into the pan and then we're
going to take our hands and we're just
going to work the dough into the pan we
want to evenly spread it along the
bottom and into the corners and then
we're gonna take our fingertips and
we're gonna work that dough up the sides
of the pan and if the dough is properly
made it should work very easy we make
our dough every day fresh and all the
restaurants and it is so good we're then
going to take both provolone and
mozzarella cheese and we're gonna lay
the slices of cheese on top of the dough
and obviously with all the cheese we put
in here it'll be overlapping so first
thing we have is our provolone then we
take our sliced mozzarella the beauty of
this is we have the sharpness of the
provolone and the mildness of the
mozzarella and together they create a
fantastic combination once we've got the
cheese into the pan we then one more
time want to take our fingers and really
press the dough cause you'll see it'll
start to come away from the sides so we
want to make sure that we press it in
there good and tight now that we have
our cheese in there we're going to take
our tomato mixture that we made a little
earlier we're going to place that on top
of the cheese and then we're going to
spread it evenly over the entire pizza
make sure we get it all covered
and then once we've got that we're
taking our pepperoni
now we're gonna evenly distribute the
pepperoni over the top of the sauce
once we've got that our pizza is ready
to bake we're gonna bake this in a 475
degree oven for approximately 25 to 30
minutes what you'll see is that the
dough will get nice and golden-brown and
it will start to pull away from the
sides when the pizza is done so here we
have our finished deep-dish pizza as you
can see the edges are nice and
golden-brown
the dough is pulled away from the sides
of the pan and because of the amount of
oil in both the dough and we put in the
bowl the pizza will not stick so now you
two can make our world-famous
deep-dish munot pizza at home enjoy